Overview: From question to certainty
01 · Plan: A versioned protocol
02 · Find: Source-aware citation imports
03 · Find: Human-reviewed deduplication
04 · Decide: Fast, blinded screening
05 · Decide: Full-text retrieval in context
06 · Extract: A living extraction table
07 · Extract: Risk of bias, study by study
08 · Synthesize: Analysis that stays connected
09 · Synthesize: Human-reviewed GRADE
10 · Assist: Optional AI with human control
11 · Synthesize: Summary of Findings
12 · Report: PRISMA that updates itself
13 · Govern: A defensible audit trail
14 · Coordinate: Chat, mentions, and accountable assignments
15 · Coordinate: Notifications that lead back to the work
16 · Retrieve: Open-access and institutional full-text routes
17 · Cite: A reference library connected to the manuscript
18 · Write: Collaborative manuscript drafting
19 · Scale: Guidelines with complete PICO sub-reviews
20 · Publish: One compiled guideline and bibliography
Start here: One workspace, from evidence to publication